Thanks to all of the following people for helping with the development of
these modules.

Tom Christiansen, for writing the original Pod::Text and pod2man.  These
modules are based very heavily on those, particularly the termcap handling
and pretty much all of Pod::Man.

Brad Appleton, for writing Pod::Parser, which made writing Pod::Text the
work of a single Saturday and Pod::Man the work of another single
Saturday, and for finding lots of bugs in the first try.

Gurusamy Sarathy, for pointing out the need for a pod2text() compatibility
interface for older applications, and for being willing to roll this code
into the Perl core distribution.

Larry Virden, for feedback on the section on writing a man page in
pod2roff and lots of good suggestions for improving it.

Michael Schwern, for pointing out that pod2text() needs to be exported for
backwards compatibility and for pointing out a bug in the collapsing of
adjacent L</foo> links in Pod::Man.

Marek Rochal, for pointing out a bug in handling of Z<> in Pod::Man, that
even periods preceded by font escapes need protection at the beginning of
lines from *roff, and that the handling of =item text with embedded
newlines was buggy in a previous version of Pod::Man.  Thanks also for
finding a bug with C<> in headings confusing nroff.

Tim Jenness, for providing the remaining ISO 8859-1 escapes for Pod::Text.
Volunteers to implement the same for Pod::Man are welcome.

Johan Vromans, for pointing out a bug in the filename parsing in Pod::Man
and help with various packaging problems.

Abigail, for better error handling code for unknown command paragraphs.

Zack Weinberg, for suggesting the right *roff magic to prevent blank lines
between consecutive =item tags in lists and for explaining \fP and how to
prevent escapes like C<> from breaking the font in headings.

Nicholas Clark, for the original patch to pod2man to allow it to process
multiple files with one invocation.

Joe Smith, for Pod::Text::Overstrike.

Robin Barker, for finding problems with multiline =head* headings and
input filenames containing spaces.

Brendan O'Dea and Robin Barker (again!), for finding problems with
Pod::Man guesswork and function and man page references that contained
words in all caps and proposing fixes.

Barrie Slaymaker, for the initial version of the heuristics in Pod::Man
and Pod::Text used to decide whether to add quotes around the argument of
C<>.

Colin Watson, for finally pointing me in the right direction to find the
problem with excessive double-quoting of text in =item's on some platforms
and see how to fix it, and also for finding a problem with Pod::Man's
output of section headings for troff.

Jarkko Hietaniemi, for the original language for pod2man.PL explaining the
COPYRIGHT AND LICENSE section.

Peter Prymmer, for pointing out the error reporting in Pod::Text and
Pod::Man didn't include enough information to find the errant POD.

Michael Schwern, for the initial patch to support --code in pod2text, the
patch for --verbose in pod2man, and finding a problem with the handling of
X<>.

Kurt Hirchert, for pointing out that the path mangling used to derive the
man page name should only be done for section three manual pages, and for
suggesting a --name option for pod2man.

Mike Fry, for pointing out that the intuiting of the manual page name from
the directory path didn't deal with three-component version numbers,
serving as the impetus to rewrite that code to use File::Spec, and finding
another bug with the module name intuition on OS/2.

Sean Burke, for writing up a detailed specification of the POD language
that cleaned up a lot of edge cases and for his patience in explaining and
defending the decisions of that specification.  Thanks also for writing
detailed instructions on how to parse L<> codes that I just implemented
nearly verbatim for Pod::ParseLink.
